[film rise theme]
[theme music]
[laughs]
[music playing]
[opens door]
God, I despise teenagers.
Mom?
What?
Good.
[laugh]
Shut up.
You OK?
Oh, I'm going to kill my boss.
She was so nasty to
me today, you know,
like it's my fault he can't
get into Northwestern.
I know just might
make you feel better.
Me too, but I bet
it's a different list
that what you got.
Why don't you stack
them sandwiches over there
on a plate for me.
I got to go to Handy J and
get your chips and soda
and all kinds of other stuff.
What sandwiches?
I see flap meat,
and I see bread,
but I don't see no sandwiches.
Oh, boing!
Did you want me to make
them meatloaf sandwiches?
Oh, could you?
Oh, are you kidding?
I've been standing behind
the counter preparing
food for people all day.
And I will say,
right now, there is
nothing more I'd rather do than
make sandwiches for you, Dan.
Why, then, we're
both in heaven.
And you know what
the beauty part
is, once the guys get here,
you'll never have to set foot
in this kitchen again tonight.
Why, are you banning me?
Key wrecked.
Well, then I'm
going to miss out
on all that fascinating
conversation
you have during
these card games.
You know, like,
are the Cubs going
to make it to the
Super Bowl, or should I
use snow tires or chains?
Mom, you want
me to read to you?
Frog and toad?
Yeah.
Hit it.
I will go to Toad's
house, said dog.
I will rake all of the leaves
that have fallen on his lawn.
Toad will be-- [mumbling]
Oh, I'll take care of this.
Surprised!
Here, don't tell your father.
Toad looked out of his window.
These messy leaves have
covered everything, said Toe.
[door bell rings]
Oh, let me.
I'm coming!
Oh, hi, Arnie.
Hey, Rosie, where's
the man of the house?
He's in the kitchen reading.
Oh, snazzy shirt.
You want it?
Why, are you going
to give it to me?
No, cut it out.
No, if you want it,
I want you to have it.
No, you keep your shirt on.
You just missed out on
your golden opportunity.
Hey, Deej.
- Hi.
- Buddy.
You got to move, honey,
we're setting up the table.
OK, I'll go eat in my
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles.
Hey, Rosie, let me
ask you something--
and be honest with me because--
well, you're always
honest with me,
but most women are
not always honest.
Oh, you mean, like most men?
I think men are honest.
- That's a lie.
- OK, it's a lie.
But most women aren't
always that honest either.
Yeah, they are.
OK, they are, but
hypothetical situation--
you got a guy and a gal living
together for, let's say,
19 months, shared
expenses on everything,
including storage
for a boat they
use five weeks out of the year.
And Sharon's pushing
you to marry her.
And sell the boat.
Well, do you love her?
Do I love her?
Be serious.
No jokes.
Yeah, I love her.
I love her.
Then don't marry her.
Why not?
Because you marry
her, you'll be happy.
And you obviously
don't want to be happy,
or you would have
married her by now.
I'm still a little unclear
about this boat thing.
Well, you treat Sharon like
you treat your boat, right?
OK, you love your boat, right?
You want to be with your boat.
You want to keep your
boat forever and ever.
Yeah, but someday I'd
like to get a bigger one.
Just stay with me on this.
So maybe your boat needs
like, some security, you know.
It needs a dock to
come home to at night.
So maybe it needs a little
rope around its cleat
so it doesn't just
drift that way.
So what are you saying, we
should split the mooring fees?
I'm saying, if you don't
take care of your boat,
it's just going to
drift away and you're
going to lose it forever.
You're right.
Thank you.
I'm always right.
How did Dan get
to be so lucky?
I don't know, being in the
wrong place at the wrong time.
Roseanne, you are
really a wonderful woman.
DAN: You think you can park
any further up on my lawn?
ARNIE: Buddy!
DAN: Hello, Arnie.
Yeah.
Hey, Rosie, how're you doing?
All right.
Hi, Rosie.
Hello, I would like to
talk to our Jackie Harris.
Please, this is her sister,
and it's an emergency.
I'm a dentist.
You want to know
why your head hurts?
It's because your jaw
is out of alignment.
Next time you put a finger in
my mouth and we'll bite it off.
Connor, is Nuss playing?
No, Rosie would not
let him in the house.
I know some women who won't
let him in North America.
Let's play some cards.
What, with four?
No.
I won back my ante.
Since when do you win?
Since when does he ante?
Please, you can't
play with four.
[door bell rings]
What are you talking about,
you can't play with four?
We always--
GEORGE: Guys.
George is number
five, first ace deals.
All right.
G-man, what's going on?
- Hey, hey.
Well, I ain't
discriminating the night.
I'm taking everybody's money.
Nice sitting next
to a playing man.
What you got in the bag?
Oh, club soda.
I promised my wife I
wouldn't drink tonight.
Beer in the fridge?
Yeah.
So Nuss ain't coming, is he?
No, Rosie won't
let him in the house.
That's a good choice.
What's the buy in?
20 beans.
I guess Andy is going to
be an hour late, as usual.
I think the guy's
still in New York time.
Hey, what do you
guys do, start early?
We always start at 7:30.
Danny, am I right?
Hey.
Which one of you hot dogs
wants to cash a check for me?
That was perfect.
Yeah, I'd rather have
Andy than Nuss any day.
Nuss cheats.
- Well, at least he admits it.
TOMMY: Mm-hmm.
All right, five
card draw, ante up.
Are these sandwiches?
Yeah, they've been sneezed
on, but help yourself.
Pass.
You see anything, Diane?
I don't know.
What is that huge
disgusting brown thing?
A meatloaf.
I don't think you
have anything good.
What do you feel like?
I feel like I'm
getting a draft.
Amscray.
[men barking]
Mom, we're going to the mall.
I'm going, too.
You are not.
Is too.
You don't own the mall, Becky.
Yeah.
In fact, I'm going
to follow behind you
two feet the whole night
making disgusting noises.
[blows raspberries]
Hey, oh.
You guys started already?
Post time was 7:00, Andy.
Come on, Dan.
Game starts at 7:30,
it always does.
Am I right?
No.
All right, all right.
Which one of you hot dogs is
going to cash a check to me?
Where's my seat?
Here you go, play these.
DAN: Where you going?
Nowhere, I just want to stand.
I see why.
Hello, I'm trying to
reach Officer Jackie Harris.
Yeah, this is her sister again.
Oh, she did?
Great.
Thank you.
Oh, the smell of testosterone.
Mom, are you going
to come and read to me?
Yeah, I'll be up in a minute.
OK.
Honey.
Honey, could you do that later?
Zach, it's to you.
How much?
DAN: 50 cents.
Will you quit looking?
Hey, I'm not looking.
I didn't see anything.
I don't care.
I can't play with somebody
hopping around behind me.
Arnie, are you going to
play poker or walk laps?
OK, you're right.
I'll just go flirt with Rosie.
Hey, what are you making?
um, oh, they're napkin
holders for D.J.'s PTA Bazaar.
D.J.: Mom, I'm ready!
Need some help?
Yeah, here.
Cut about 150 of those.
You coming back down?
No, I got a
heliport on the roof.
They jumped into my
cars and drove away
under the smoke-smuggered stars.
Now all that was left
'neath the bad smelling
sky was my big empty
factory, the Lorax, and I.
Good, that's what he gets.
And you know what
you're going to get?
What?
A great big smooch.
No.
What do you mean
no, I can't kiss you?
No, I want to kiss you.
I want to kiss you
like Daddy kisses you.
[laughter]
How does Daddy kiss me?
Like this.
Oh, that was a
very, very good kiss.
Mom, will you
read me some more?
Boy, you boys can just
never get enough, can you?
Where the hell have you been?
Roseanne, what's going on?
I told you I was
coming over at 9:00.
Dispatch said you
called like four times.
You OK?
ROSEANNE: I got, I just
got to ask you something.
All right, what's going on?
OK, what do you
think of those guys
in there playing poker with Dan?
Which guys?
No!
You don't even let me get
a chance to look at them now.
OK, OK, OK.
Hey, you know that guy Arnie
out there playing poker?
Arnie.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah, what do
you think of him?
You think he's an OK guy?
I don't even know him.
OK, well, he
works for the water
and power company, and he--
No.
Dan's known him
for a long time.
- Roseanne!
- He's a nice person.
No, you're not fixing
me up with Arnie.
He's not my type.
Why, don't you
think he's cute?
Uh, I don't know.
I think he's sweaty.
What do you mean,
you think he's sweaty?
I think he's sweaty.
Well, all men are sweaty.
Well, I think some men
are sweatier than other men.
Maybe that's because
he's a hard worker.
Wait a second.
Isn't he practically
living with somebody?
Yeah, he is living
with somebody,
and I think they're
going to get married,
too, which is what
makes what happened
just all the more weirder.
Ooh, what?
Tell me.
I can't tell you, Jackie.
I can't tell you.
I can't because you've
got a great big mouth
and I really need
to be discreet.
Roseanne.
He kissed me.
[jackie gasps]
Now don't you think that
that is just a little--
A little pushy, yeah.
Yeah,
Because I mean, like,
he's Dan's friend, you know?
And I mean, we were
just hanging out
because Dan went to the store.
We were just talking
and everything.
We start talking about women.
He starts talking
about his girlfriend
and how he doesn't know
anything about women,
and before I know
it, he's kissing me.
Now wait a second, is a
kissing you like kissing you,
or was it just like a kiss?
Well, he's kissing me.
JACKIE: Oh!
Well, no, no,
wait, wait, wait.
No.
No, it was just--
it was just a kiss.
But it was on my neck, Jackie.
Well, where exactly
on the neck was it?
I mean, was it
just below the ear,
or did he just brush
your cheek, or did
he actually like move the hair,
and then give it to you there?
No, no, no, no.
Here.
It was kind of
like, OK, stand up.
OK, now put your arms around me.
No, wait a second.
OK now, OK, OK, you be me.
You're over there.
OK.
- What did you do?
- Well, I didn't know.
I just stood there.
I didn't know what to do.
I couldn't believe he did that.
Did what?
I don't even know what he did.
Well, I'm trying to tell you.
OK.
So like we're just standing
here, right, and we're talking.
OK, so let's just be talking.
So how you doing?
- So how you been?
- Hi, how you been?
- Nice shirt.
Oh, see?
I didn't even tell
you about that part.
Oh, that is eerie.
That's what I said to him
when he came in the door.
Said what?
I go, hi, Arnie,
I like your shirt.
Well, that explains it.
You led him on.
No, come on, Jackie, come on.
I got to tell you, OK, so I
go, nice shirt, Arnie, right?
Then you starts
like taking it off,
you know, like he's
going to give it to me.
You're kidding.
No.
How long has Dan
known this guy?
He comes over, he starts
taking his shirt off?
That's a little strange.
- I told you!
Now let me show
you the rest of it.
OK, now you're standing there.
All right, I'm standing
here, I'm talking, I'm you.
OK, so I'm like, OK, now
let me ask you something.
I'm being him.
Uh, yeah, yeah.
Let me ask you something.
You know, and then we
start talking about women,
and I said something real
sensitive and meaningful.
You know, like how you got
to treat them like goddesses,
you know, like the way that
Dan treats me and everything.
So you're lying to him.
Right.
So I'm standing here and
I'm making sandwiches.
So just make sandwiches.
You're making sandwiches.
And I go, well, you know, I
say something really nice.
Well, you know, blah, blah blah.
Well, thank you.
Now you be me.
You say, well thank you.
Thank you, Arnie.
Roseanne, he comes up.
You are the most incredible
woman I've ever met in my life
and I mean that.
Oh, you're kidding!
Seven card, high-low,
bust your buddy.
There'll be a $0.50 buy
at the end, and the seven
of diamonds is wild.
What, are we in college?
I never went to college.
Yeah, well I did, and we
didn't play crap like this.
What's the difference?
You're going to bluff anyway.
- Hey, Tommy?
TOMMY: Hmm?
Who smashed the
back of your Buick?
Skid into a
lamppost last year.
Thought I could get away with
radials instead of snow tires.
No way.
Not with the winters
we got around here.
You got to have snow tires.
I use chains.
Chains make the car hum.
And they tear up the road.
What do I care?
I pay taxes.
Who didn't ante?
What are you, my accountant?
No, I'm not short enough.
You think maybe I
should've slapped him?
No, I think slapping him
would have been way too much.
Well, do you think
I ought to tell Dan?
I think it was just a kiss.
Well, I don't do the kind
of volume that you do, Jackie.
This doesn't happen
to me every day.
OK.
Don't tell Dan.
Dan will just get mad and
start yelling at Arnie.
Arnie will get mad back
at Dan, start yelling,
they'll both be yelling,
waving their fists around
and saying stupid macho
things back and forth.
And then he'll never
kiss you again.
Well, you think I should
have said something to Arnie?
I mean, I'm married.
I have three children.
Well, you know
what, you're right.
I don't like it
when a guy thinks
he can come up and handle
you like a rubber thong
in a discount bin.
I hate it when a guy
kisses me before I've given
him that unwritten green light.
What's that all about?
Well, you know,
a smile, the look.
You catch a guy's eye,
hold it, and say yes.
It's all done with the eyes.
Well, do you
think I led him on?
I mean, because I
was looking at him.
Well, were you looking
at him like this?
Or were you looking
Well, I was kind of looking
at him, you know, like this.
[laughter]
Yeah, well, that's
a mixed message.
Who's he calling?
Helen.
Still busy.
Unbelievable.
I'm sure she's fine.
When is she due?
Monday.
Mazel tov.
What?
It's like, it's cool.
Oh.
[laughter]
You know, Cynthia stays
on the phone hour a clip,
man, like it's nothing.
Yeah, Sharon, too.
I think women have
an extra vocal cord.
Want to bet?
No, I'm just saying
they talk a lot.
They like the gossip.
I know, you want to bet?
[laughter]
When I get home
tonight, Helen is
going to put down every one of
you guys, including your wives.
That's because she'll
have been on the phone
all night with
Cynthia, you know,
talking about you, and
you, and especially you.
Yack, yack, yack, yack,
yack, yack, yack, yack.
It's like A sport.
Right.
And then they try
and get us involved.
OK, like last night, Cynthia's
trying to tell me about Bobby
Erickson and his wife.
MAN: That was terrible.
MAN: Oh, yeah.
MAN: It was terrible.
What about Bobby?
They're splitting up.
You didn't know that?
Where'd you hear that?
I heard it from Helen.
I mean, Cynthia told her.
They've been having
trouble for a long time.
TOMMY: That's right.
Bobby and Judy Erickson?
Oh, yeah.
Two months ago, Judy asked
me to start sending her bills
to a different address.
Thinks she's shacking
up with some guy?
Ah, she's a tramp.
You don't even know her.
What's the difference?
I think she's running around.
Yeah, well, he's still had
on his track shoes for a while,
too, you know.
I think it was a
little equipment trouble.
Oh!
No way, man.
Wait a second, Bobby and
I play football together.
Yeah?
Must've been a real close team.
Bottom line, Bobby's a slut.
Eh, let's face it, guys.
Just because he runs
around doesn't mean
that she can run around, too.
You know, Andy, that's
a rule enlightened view.
Sort of a [babbling nonsense].
[music playing]
See you later, Rosie.
How'd you do, George?
Uh, I broke even.
Lost 20 bucks.
Ate five sandwiches.
Is How'd you do, honey?
Great I won 18 bucks.
Well, great.
Another 10,000 nights
like that, and you're
going to have a great year.
Well, I'm out of here.
Thanks for the sandwiches.
Hey, Arnie, you need any
help with that green monster?
No, I got it.
Good night.
Goodnight, Jackie.
See you.
Yeah, tell Sharon I said hi.
OK.
What's he doing
kissing Jackie?
Oh, Dan, it was just a kiss.
Well, I guess I
really know men, huh?
Well, I can see how you
might have mistook that.
Yeah.
It was just a kiss.
What else was I
going to do tonight?
I'll see you tomorrow.
Oh, yeah, I'll see you.
[music playing]
[rhythmic tapping]
(SINGING) Come and listen to
my story about a man named Jed.
He was poor mountaineer, he
barely kept his family fed.
Then one day he was
a-shooting at the food
when up through the ground
come a bubbling crude.
Oil, that is.
Black gold.
Black gold, Texas tea.
Well, the first thing you
know, old Jed's a millionaire.
The kinfolk said, Jed,
move away from there.
They said California is
the place you ought to be.
So they loaded up a truck
and they moved to Beverly.
Hills, that is.
Swimming pools.
Movie stars.
K-E- double L, O double
G, Kellogg's best to you!
Oh, yeah.
Yo!